feat(Card, Form.Card, Wizard, StepIndicator): controlling card outset (#5157)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Form/Card/info.mdx

`Form.Card` is a wrapper for the [Card](/uilib/components/card/) component to make it easier to use inside a form.

- It will set `outset` to `true` by default (instead of `false`). [See example below.](#outset)
- It will set `stack` to `true` by default (instead of `false`).

> But it otherwise identical to the `<Card>` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But in all other ways, it works just like the [Card](/uilib/components/card/) component.
```
